The objective of this lecture is to integrate what we have learned throughout the day with what we learned
yesterday about functions since from now on, almost everything you will learn will surely need to incorporate
into functions so that your programs have a repeatable and orderly structure.
Remember, functions are basically methods created by yourself.
You create them with the key word death, a name, some parentheses that have arguments or not, and
a colon.
Inside the functions, we can write any code that we need.
And normally the outcome of function is a return in which it returns us some information.
Or it can simply be something printed on the screen, and sometimes both things inside the functions.
We can also put the code that we have learned today so we can have a function for opening files and
a function for deleting files so on.
Remember that the functions created in your code are not executed until you invoke them.
And you can do this as many times as you want, even using different parameters.
This has just been a little small memory aid for you to keep in mind when creating today's project in
which you have to write a lot of code.
And if you don't separate it into several repeatable functions, it's going to get very complicated.
Be sure to do the practices that follow the quiz that summarizes a little of what we have been and seeing
throughout the day, and then roll up your sleeves because today's big project is coming up.